OPSEXP-2109: update updatecli (#929)
Alfresco/acs-deployment: README.md

Open a PR that will:

* Update the [versioning table](#versioning)
* If any updates to the updatecli pipelines is required then make the changes
  and raise the PR.
* Once the PR merge switch the `updatecli.d/supported-matrix.yaml` `latest`
  section to "release mode" by changing all `development_pattern` by `ga_hotfixes_pattern`
* Run locally the updatecli pipeline and commit the resulting files (except the
  `updatecli.d/supported-matrix.yaml`) to a new branch.

  ```bash
  export QUAY_USERNAME="<VALUE>"
  export QUAY_PASSWORD="<VALUE>"
  export UPDATECLI_GITHUB_TOKEN="<VALUE>"
  export GIT_AUTHOR_EMAIL='build@alfresco.com'
  export GIT_AUTHOR_USERNAME='alfresco-build'
  export GIT_BRANCH="$(git branch --show-current)"
  updatecli apply -c updatecli.d/uber-manifest.tpl -v updatecli.d/supported-matrix.yaml
  ```

> * Restore formatting offiles edited by updatecli (See [updatecli

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Restore formatting of files edited by updatecli (See [updatecli
```
